Now i want to create the patient page where first there will be a central banner with internal navigations to Appointments, Departments and Doctor Availability and at the right corner there must be a profile icon beside which a logout button (clicking this would logout and redirect to login page)

Profile Icon:
once clicked a card like popup must appear showing the patients first name, last name, email address (the username) and phone No. The popup must contain a edit button which when clicked turns these fields to editable (only email-address cannot be edited) and a save (save the updated changes to database) and cancel button must appear in-place of edit button. A close button for closing this popup must also be there.

Appointment Section
This section must contain 2 tabs - past and upcoming (includes current day and next day)
Each tab must show the appointments (fetched from appointment table) like a list (must be scrollable) each object in the list must show the Doctor Name, Department, Date, Time, a label (cancelled, booked, completed; can be icons too) and a view details button (which when clicked will open a card like popup that shows the diagnosis, prescription and notes, take info from treatment table, also has a close button to close the popup). and in the upcoming tab, the object must have a button for cancelling the appointment as well which when clicked will ask the user for confirmation and update the database and the webpage.
The past tab, appointments must be sorted descending order based on date and time like yesterdays will be first then day before yesterday, etc.
The upcoming tab, appointments must be sorted ascending order based on date and time like todays is first then tomorrows etc.

Department Section
I want a carousel of departments showing the department names and no. of doctors. Each object in the carousel must be clickable and once clicked a card like popup showing the department name, The names of Doctors (including last name) and description. Take info from Departments table

Doctor Availability Section
There should be 2 dropdown menu, department and doctor name. If the department is selected then the doctor name dropdown must only show names of doctors in the department. (A doctor must always be selected)
Below which a div of doctor's profile (his profile pic, first name, last name, contact no. email)
Below which a calendar like in Microsoft teams' calendar showing the upcoming 7 days including today. timings from 9:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. in 30 min slots. Each slots shows whether it is booked or free. The free slots have a button to book it which when clicked prompts a confirmation which if patient agrees. the slot will be blocked, appointments table will be updated, Appointments section will be updated

Note: - When a popup card is displayed, let it be placed on a black div with .4 alpha and blocks clicks to any element below it.
If picture is not found in database, show default profile pic.